feat: Pass remote Markdown images through image service (#13254)
withastro/astro: .changeset/shy-bats-exist.md

---
'@astrojs/mdx': minor
'@astrojs/internal-helpers': minor
'@astrojs/markdown-remark': minor
'astro': minor
---

> Pass remote Markdown images through image service
> 
> Previously, Astro only allowed local images to be optimized when included using
> `![]()` syntax in plain Markdown files. This was because, when the image
> service was first introduced, it only was able to optimize those images. Now,
> however, Astro's image service can optimize remote images as well. So, we can
> add support for this!
> 
> This is a semver-minor bump because it can significantly change what's output
> under certain circumstances.

Reviewer: I *think* this needs to be a different changeset for each package changed because different things were changed in each package. (e.g. the MDX changset can look similar to the main Astro one, but the changeset for the other packages should probably describe exactly what about each of them was changed) 

Ema can guide you on that, and I can look at the wording after they're done!

But I'll suggest some wording for the `astro` main changeset, something kind of like:

```suggestion
Adds the ability to process and optimize remote images in Markdown files

Previously, Astro only allowed local images to be optimized when included using `![]()` syntax in plain Markdown files. Astro's image service could only display remote images without any processing. 

Now, Astro's image service can also optimize remote images written in standard Markdown syntax. This allows you to enjoy the benefits of Astro's image processing when your images are stored externally, for example in a CMS or digital asset manager.

No additional configuration is required to use this feature! Any existing remote images written in Markdown will now automatically be optimized. To opt-out of this processing, write your images in Markdown using the HTML `<img>` tag instead. Note that images located in your `public/` folder are still never processed.
```

(Something similar to above but referring specifically to "Markdown syntax in MDX files" instead of "Markdown files" would be my suggestion for that changeset.)
